Excellent guys.
We're done with our project but there is one more thing that I would like to show you and that is how
we can add our oral prefixes automatically so we don't have to manually go one by one and keep on adding
in our sheer says no not to do that.
We're gonna have to install the extension so let's head over to our extensions.
Let me zoom in.
That would be the tab that you need to click.
And then up here on the top we're gonna have to search for order prefix sir extension.
Now once we get the extension let's just install it and as a certain note this is just one of the ways.
But in this particular case I think it's the probably fastest way how we can do that.
So let's install it first of all our extension and then once we have our extension we're going to have
to navigate to our command pallet and then just type a angle bracket and auto prefix services.
So let me close my particular extension.
Then let's select everything that we have within the CSX Well like so then in order to open the command
pilot not just press command and B and then like I said we have the angle bracket and you know what.
In this case let me zoom in and notice that we have a right away option of using model prefixes.
Now we just type that and we should be good to go.
Now let me zoom out in this case and if you need to run it one more time.
If let's say it did more just do the same thing again select everything that you have within your assess
and just run the command.
Now in my case it ran right away.
So notice I have even my box sizing and I have the browser prefix for that particular property.
Now of course we are mostly interested in the flex box.
So let's scroll down where we start using the Flex box.
And there you go.
Previously we had display of flex and justify content on all items.
But now once we run our extension we have the browser prefixes that we were looking for.
And as you saw we didn't have to do that manually.
It was done automatically for us.
So that is one of the ways how we can add browser prefixes automatically to our CSX.